[Update authenticating-scripted-clients.adoc] add typescript example (#7312)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/system-administration/authenticating-scripted-clients.adoc

For additional information, see the
https://github.com/cdancy/jenkins-rest/wiki[cdancy/jenkins-rest wiki].

== typescript script example using axios

> The following code shows howto create a job 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code shows how to create a job 
```
